what does he know we take away what is
it the chicken car is no um yeah is that
right yeah yeah yeah Maru right now I'd
like to place the exact same order
delivered to the F word restaurant
listen I'll give you a 20-pound tip if
you get here within 20 minutes okay yeah
yeah okay thank you
right this is a challenge now I'm
serious I'm gonna show you before he
gets it yeah that will cook together
yeah rut when now fresh right delicious
fast food curry yeah let's go right
ginger chilies garlic lemongrass right
all into there
just pour on it portal in okay yes ugh
lemongrass so we're gonna make you like
a curry paste okay bit of a little shake
shake shake
right into the pan yeah good nice
another thing follow not the fucking
blade units well be chicken in I'm doing
exactly the same you know that okay
exactly the same lime leaves in soy
sauce in all the way around
how much about hundred mil okay a little
beer after otherwise fucking baboon will
get here soon
are you just a little bit here with 20
minutes huh what's that
seriously can what is that fish ready go
I don't know what is it come on don't go
that's a cinnamon stick okay wait a
minute
okay chicken set off yes Wow what's the
matter with you for a father okay but
again okay right smell that
what does the smell green oh fuck off
come on
good eyes coconut milk okay alright okay
then she goes no are you happy with that
yeah what a dividends right leg green
beans yes right that just gives it a
little bit of sort of body but I'd put
them all if you do not I'm not I come on
don't cut your fingers off right now
okay so do i doing it
look yeah I sit and I draw in there we
gonna chop it now okay and on or I not
cut your fingers play okay gonna right
now go around ring ready okay
cattle night come on okay listen toys
nearly here
now and in look I'm watching yeah just
all in there okay okay okay okay good ha
never made that no shit forever
mother nothing ah she can't come on no
no come on come on cook
I have upcoming upcoming multi-out fire
that's it
quick now bring April on come on I bring
the quick the challenge bring the plate
man that's the challenge with the play
is there oh okay okay
dude oh dear oh dear well done yeah you
know nice to see ya
let's see what's in the chicken curry no
onion you should also get free Papa Joe
is it free Papa Tom in there there is
yeah
okay we go vertex now side by side okay
okay
hi I just write it so you have a taste
and you as well I cut this by the way I
don't know gonna wait for God's reaction
phrase it Matt is nice really seriously
I think you did I know that's nice don't
it seriously yeah right hmm don't get me
bugged no but it's nice but very greasy
but mr. Moore loves anyway doesn't he I
have to say I actually prefer the one
you make thank you